Revamp Kubernetes messaging in 'Get Started' / Quickstart (#1126)
pulumi/docs: content/quickstart/kubernetes/faq.md

##### YAML Manifest:

```typescript
import * as k8s as "@pulumi/kubernetes";

const myapp = new k8s.yaml.ConfigFile("app.yaml");
```

##### Helm Chart:
```typescript
import * as k8s as "@pulumi/kubernetes";

// Deploy a version of the stable/wordpress chart.
const wordpress = new k8s.helm.v2.Chart("wpdev", {
    repo: "stable",
    version: "2.1.3",
    chart: "wordpress"
});
```

See the [pulumi/examples][examples] repo for more details.

## Does the Pulumi Service see my credentials in the kubeconfig file?

No. Only the `pulumi` CLI tool running locally in the user's client can read the kubeconfig file or execute
resource operations on the cluster.

The service is used to coordinate multiple user updates, so they don't update the
same resources concurrently, and stores the state history of your deployments.

If you ask Pulumi to boot up a cluster (_e.g._, as our [EKS example][eks] shows), then it is
possible to retrieve a kubeconfig file _for that cluster only_. In this case, the kubeconfig file is
stored as part of the state history of rollouts -- but they are considered opaque state by the
Pulumi service. The service **never** uses these values for any reason whatsoever.

> More over, the contents of the kubeconfig files are not sensitive for managed clusters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the contents of the kubeconfig files are not sensitive for managed clusters
```

> on the major cloud providers, as they defer to their authentication mechanisms for their respective CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the major cloud providers, as they defer authentication to their local CLIs.
```

## Does the Pulumi Service see my cloud provider credentials?

No. The `pulumi` CLI tool runs locally in the user's client. This allows
Pulumi to transparently rely on the underlying cloud provider's CLI and authentication

> mechanisms. The service does not read, use, depend, or store any credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mechanisms. The service does not read, use, depend on, or store any credentials.
```

## Can I use Pulumi without the pulumi.com service?

Yes. The service performs several functions that are useful, such as coordinating so that
multiple users don't simultaneously update the same resources, state

> checkpointing & management, and team auth/identity.

Reviewer: I think there are a few other notable features. Wouldn't hurt to include a comprehensive list from https://www.pulumi.com/pricing/
